You like jazz?
Suicide is badass
I think Japan deserves a third nuke, tbh
Ryuujin no ken wo kurae!
That’s it buckaroo, the wall just got ten feet higher.
I didn’t vaccinate my kids, and the one that survived turned out fine!
Cash me ousside, How bout dah
Obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice, Giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake!
Loli, in cases expect physical, should be legalized
what if the child consents tho?
Can you smellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll……..what the rock…..is cooking?
Anime is against god’s will, and needs to be eradicated.
Mike “Like it in the crapper, You get the zapper” Pence.
Whomst'd've'ly'yaint'nt'ed'ies's'y'es
Who put you on the planet, UGH?
In west Philadelphia born and raised, on the playground was where I spent most of my days. Chillin' out, maxin' , relaxin' all cool, and all shooting some b-ball outside of the school. When a couple of guys who were up to no good, started making trouble in my neighborhood, I got in one little fight and my mom got scared. She said, "You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air.”
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy, there’s vomit on his sweater already, mom’s spaghetti
Make America Great Again
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me, I ain’t the sharpest tool in the shed...
People who wash their burgers are the strongest race on earth
Traps are not gay
Hey guys, Vsauce Michael here
I said: "Damn", then the air got thinner, Only thought in my mind, was goin' up in her. The suspense was makin' me sick…..She took her panties down and the bitch had a dick!”
Fuck you. Fuck the plane you flew in on. Fuck them shoes. Fuck the socks with the bell on it. Fuck your gay ass fairy faggot accent. Fuck them cheap ass cigars. Fuck you 'yuck mouth' teeth. Fuck yo hairpiece. Fuck yo chocolate. Fuck guy Richie. Fuck prince William. Fuck the queen. This is America. My president is orange, and my lambo is blue nigga. Now get the fuck out my hotel room. And If I see you in the streets I'm slapping the shit outta you.
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but your waifu is shit
Raindrop drop top, Smokin' on cookie in the hotbox
If 2 bombs can make anime, a third can make anime disappear
Do you come from a land down under? Where women glow and men plunder? Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder? You better run, you better take cover.
Bad Boys Bad Boys whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do when they come for you?
In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York city, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories.
I tried so hard, And got so far, But in the end, It doesn't even matter
How’s it going bros, my name is PewDiePie
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes. Together we can stop this. Please spread the word
You know it's Nick Crompton and my collar stay poppin' Yes, I can rap and no, I am not from Compton, England is my city, And if it weren't for Team 10, then the U.S. would be shitty, I'll pass it to Chance 'cause you know he stay litty!
It’s MY money, and I need it NOW!
Smoke weed everyday
This country was a mistake
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
Some guys have all the luck. I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep.
What is up drama alert nation, i'm your host killer keemstar, let's get right into the news!
Skurrrt
Gang gang gang gang gang
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
If it ain’t white, it ain’t right
The south will rise again!
Hey hey, yo yo, the use of wool has got to go!
If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with Mesothelioma you may to be entitled to financial compensation. Mesothelioma is a rare cancer linked to asbestos exposure. Exposure to asbestos in the Navy, shipyards, mills, heating, construction or the automotive industries may put you at risk. Please don't wait, call 1-800-99 LAW USA today for a free legal consultation and financial information packet. Mesothelioma patients call now! 1-800-99 LAW USA.
We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children
oh whoops, oooh. i dropped my monster condom that i use for my magnum dong.
I support palestine
DEATH IS A PREFERABLE ALTERNATIVE TO COMMUNISM. DEMOCRACY IS NON-NEGOTIABLE
What’s the problem? Ain’t you ever seen a chick with a dick before?
Timmy Turner, my name is Doug Dimmadome owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome. Thank you for locating my long lost son Dale Dimmadome, heir to the Dimmsdale Dimmadome fortune. If there's anything I can do to repay you for your kindness, all you need to do is ask! *pause for 2 seconds* Doug Dimmadome? The owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome? *Pause for 2 seconds* That’s right, Doug Dimmadome owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome.
Pac-Man? More like packing a lip fulla dip, yee yee!
I don’t like them putting chemicals in the water that turn the friggin frogs GAY.
My nama Jeff
So much later that the old narrator got tired of waiting, and they had to hire a new one
Press F to pay respects
Eat 'em up, Eat 'em up, Eat 'em up, Eat 'em up! I got Reese's Puffs in my bowl Now my day's on cruise control I got reese's puffs in my bowl And just like that I'm on a roll Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs! Peanut butter chocolate flavor Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs! In the am, it's the flavor I savor Peanut butter and chocolate too You know how I do, That's what I wake up to My Reese's Puffs inspired this rhyme That peanut butter chocolate combination's on time.
It’s time to kick gum and chew ass, and I’m all out of ass. Dick Kickem
Skate fast, eat ass Percocets, molly, Percocets Percocets, molly, Percocets Rep the set, gotta rep the set Chase a check, never chase a bitch